BUGFIX: Use env var for FLOW_LOCK_HOLDING_PAGE (#2803)
neos/flow-development-collection: Neos.Flow/Documentation/TheDefinitiveGuide/PartII/Configuration.rst

Some specific flow behaviour can also be configured with a couple of environment variables.

============================= ==================================================
Variable                      Description
============================= ==================================================
``FLOW_ROOTPATH``             Can be used to override the path to the Flow root.
``FLOW_CONTEXT``              Use to set the flow context (see above).
``FLOW_PATH_TEMPORARY_BASE``  Can be used to set a path for temporary data.

> ``FLOW_LOCKHOLDINGPAGE``      Use to specify the html page shown when the site is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``FLOW_LOCK_HOLDING_PAGE``      Use to specify the html page shown when the site is
```

Author: I swear I had it like this… 🤔

                              locked. This is relative to the Packages directory.
                              Can be given as ``FLOW_LOCKHOLDINGPAGE``, too.

>                               That is deprecated as of Flow 8.0.

Reviewer: Shall we mention deprecation in Flow 8 in the 6.3+ docs? Feels weird, but I guess it doesn't hurt and makes things more transparent, so...
